Doc: Add llama4 Maverick eagle3 and max-throughput and low_latency benchmark guide (#5810)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/blogs/tech_blog/blog6_Llama4_maverick_eagle_guide.md

> # How to launch Llama4 Maverick + Eagle3 TRTLLM server

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
# How to launch Llama4 Maverick with Eagle3 enabled TensorRT-LLM server
```

## Prerequisites

- 8x NVIDIA B200 GPUs in a single node (we have a forthcoming guide for getting great performance on H100)
- CUDA Toolkit 12.8 or later
- Docker with NVIDIA Container Toolkit installed
- Fast SSD storage for model weights
- Access to Llama4 Maverick and Eagle3 model checkpoints
- A love of speed

## Download Artifacts

* [NVIDIA Llama 4 Maverick 17B 128E Instruct FP8](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/Llama-4-Maverick-17B-128E-Instruct-FP8)
* [NVIDIA Llama 4 Maverick 17B 128E Eagle3 BF16](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/Llama-4-Maverick-17B-128E-Eagle3)

In [Step 4: Start the TensorRT-LLM server](#step-4-start-the-tensorrt-llm-server), `/path/to/maverick` and `/path/to/eagle` refer to the download paths of the above respective models.

## Launching the server

### Step 1: Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM.git
cd TensorRT-LLM
git submodule update --init --recursive
git lfs pull
```

The last command, `git lfs pull`, ensures all large files stored with Git LFS are properly downloaded.

> ### Step 2: Build the TensorRT-LLM release Docker image

Reviewer: Should we just recommend users to directly use the NGC [container](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/teams/tensorrt-llm/containers/release)?

This step compiles TensorRT-LLM with all optimizations enabled. This may take 15-30 minutes depending on your system.

```
make -C docker release_build
```

### Step 3: (Optional) Tag and push the Docker image to your registry

If you want to use this image on multiple machines or in a cluster:

```
docker tag tensorrt_llm/release:latest docker.io/<username>/tensorrt_llm:main
docker push docker.io/<username>/tensorrt_llm:main
```

Replace `<username>` with your Docker Hub username or your private registry path.

### Step 4: Start the TensorRT-LLM server

This command launches the server with Llama4 Maverick as the main model and Eagle3 as the draft model for speculative decoding. Make sure you have downloaded both model checkpoints before running this command.

**Important:** Replace `/path/to/maverick` and `/path/to/eagle` with the actual paths to your Maverick and Eagle3 model checkpoints on your host machine, downloaded in the [Download Artifacts](#download-artifacts) stage

```

> docker run -d --ipc=host --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -p 8000:8000 --gpus=all -e "TRTLLM_ENABLE_PDL=1" -v /path/to/maverick:/config/models/maverick -v /path/to/eagle:/config/models/eagle docker.io/<username>/tensorrt_llm:main sh -c "echo -e 'enable_attention_dp: false\ncuda_graph_config:\n  max_batch_size: 8\nspeculative_config:\n  decoding_type: Eagle\n  max_draft_len: 3\n  pytorch_weights_path: /config/models/eagle\nkv_cache_config:\n  enable_block_reuse: false' > c.yaml && trtllm-serve /config/models/maverick --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --backend pytorch --tp_size 8 --ep_size 1 --trust_remote_code --extra_llm_api_options c.yaml --kv_cache_free_gpu_memory_fraction 0.75"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -d --ipc=host --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 \
    -p 8000:8000 --gpus=all -e "TRTLLM_ENABLE_PDL=1" \
    -v /path/to/maverick:/config/models/maverick -v /path/to/eagle:/config/models/eagle \
    docker.io/<username>/tensorrt_llm:main sh \
        -c "echo -e 'enable_attention_dp: false\ncuda_graph_config:\n  max_batch_size: 8\nspeculative_config:\n  decoding_type: Eagle\n  max_draft_len: 3\n  pytorch_weights_path: /config/models/eagle\nkv_cache_config:\n  enable_block_reuse: false' > c.yaml && \
        trtllm-serve /config/models/maverick \
            --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 \
            --backend pytorch --tp_size 8 --ep_size 1 \
            --trust_remote_code --extra_llm_api_options c.yaml \
            --kv_cache_free_gpu_memory_fraction 0.75"
```
